Making docker usage with localhost and external ip more clear (#3836)
louislam/uptime-kuma: README.md

docker run -d --restart=always -p 3001:3001 -v uptime-kuma:/app/data --name uptime-kuma louislam/uptime-kuma:1
```

> Uptime Kuma is now running on <http://0.0.0.0:3001>.

Reviewer: I am still thinking, using `localhost` here could have more accessible for someone who would like to try this in their current PC. While `0.0.0.0` is not working for any cases.

Reviewer 2: Not quite sure what case you are refering to.
I think you are referring to cases where the default route is not local or completely borked. Thing is, that I am not quite sure if localhost wou work in this case.

I assume that in somebody goes around and configures his*her default network route, they are knowlegable to know how to deal with this
=> likely does not matter

If you think this is better, I can revert this change ^^

https://superuser.com/questions/949428/whats-the-difference-between-127-0-0-1-and-0-0-0-0
does claim 

> **The all-zero value does have a special meaning.** So it is "valid", but has a meaning that may not be appropriate (and thus treated as not valid) for particular circumstances. **It is basically the "no particular address" placeholder.** For things like address binding of network connections, the result can be to assign an appropriate interface address to the connection. If you are using it to configure an interface, it can remove an address from the interface, instead. **It depends on the context of use to determine what "no particular address" really does.**
> 
> In the context of a route entry, it usually means the default route. That happens as a result more of the address mask, which selects the bits to compare. A mask of "0.0.0.0" selects no bits, so the compare will always succeed. So when such a route is configured, there is always somewhere for packets to go (if configured with a valid destination).

Reviewer 2: Not quite sure what case you are refering to.
I think you are referring to cases where the default route is not local or completely borked. Thing is, that I am not quite sure if localhost wou work in this case.

I assume that in somebody goes around and configures his*her default network route, they are knowlegable to know how to deal with this
=> likely does not matter

If you think this is better, I can revert this change ^^

https://superuser.com/questions/949428/whats-the-difference-between-127-0-0-1-and-0-0-0-0
does claim 

> **The all-zero value does have a special meaning.** So it is "valid", but has a meaning that may not be appropriate (and thus treated as not valid) for particular circumstances. **It is basically the "no particular address" placeholder.** For things like address binding of network connections, the result can be to assign an appropriate interface address to the connection. If you are using it to configure an interface, it can remove an address from the interface, instead. **It depends on the context of use to determine what "no particular address" really does.**
> 
> In the context of a route entry, it usually means the default route. That happens as a result more of the address mask, which selects the bits to compare. A mask of "0.0.0.0" selects no bits, so the compare will always succeed. So when such a route is configured, there is always somewhere for packets to go (if configured with a valid destination).

> [!WARNING]
> File Systems like **NFS** (Network File System) are **NOT** supported. Please map to a local directory or volume.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you want to limit exppoure to localhost (without exposing port for other users or to use a [reverse proxyx](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/wiki/Reverse-Proxy)), you can expose the port like this:

Reviewer: > reverse proxyx
wrong spelling

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/pull/4729

⚠️ Please use a **local volume** only. Other types such as NFS are not supported.

Uptime Kuma is now running on http://<your_external_ip>:3001

If you want to run it at localhost (without exposing port for other users or to use with nginx), you can expose port like that:

```bash
docker run -d --restart=always -p 127.0.0.1:3001:3001 -v uptime-kuma:/app/data --name uptime-kuma louislam/uptime-kuma:1
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Maybe add http://localhost:3001 after this command, so it will be a clickable URL ;)

Author: It makes sense for convenience, will add right now

> Uptime Kuma is now running on http://<your_external_ip>:3001 (and http://127.0.0.1:3001 too).
> 
> If you want to run it at localhost (without exposing port for other users or to use with nginx), you can expose port like that:
> 
> ```bash
> docker run -d --restart=always -p 127.0.0.1:3001:3001 -v uptime-kuma:/app/data --name uptime-kuma louislam/uptime-kuma:1
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uptime Kuma is now running on <http://0.0.0.0:3001>.

> [!NOTE]
> If you want to limit exppoure to localhost (without exposing port for other users or to use a [reverse proxyx](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/wiki/Reverse-Proxy)), you can expose the port like that:
> 
> ```bash
> docker run -d --restart=always -p 127.0.0.1:3001:3001 -v uptime-kuma:/app/data --name uptime-kuma louislam/uptime-kuma:1
> ```
```
